employees => employee			
refugees => refugee			
sees => see			
fees => fee			
degrees	=> degree			
ties => tie
lies => lie	
shoes => shoe			
trees => tree			
attendees => attendee			
heroes => hero			
guarantees => guarantee			
dies => die	
agrees => agree
tomatoes => tomato
oversees => oversee
committees => committee
yankees => yankee
knees => knee
woes => woe
potatoes => potato
nominees => nominee
trustees => trustee
toes => toe
foes => foe
bees => bee
echoes => echo
retirees => retiree
referees => referee
pies => pie
brees => bree
franchisees => franchisee
disagrees => disagree
honorees => honoree
superheroes => superhero
rupees => rupee
detainees => detainee
devotees => devotee
frees => free
mosquitoes => mosquito
tees => tee
undergoes => undergo
trainees => trainee
licensees => licensee
entrees => entree
rees => ree
coffees => coffee
aes => ae
lees => lee
volcanoes => volcanoe
tornadoes => tornado
paes => pae
appointees => appointee
toffees => toffee
evacuees => evacuee
foresees => foresee
buffaloes => buffalo
businesses => business
matches => match
processes => process
losses => loss
classes => class
passes => pass
taxes => tax
launches => launch
coaches => coach
addresses => address
approaches => approach
witnesses => witness
inches => inch
boxes => box
wishes => wish
reaches => reach
dishes => dish
catches => catch
branches => branch
touches => touch
weaknesses => weakness
clashes => clash
teaches => teach
discusses => discuss
churches => church
successes => success
finishes => finish
glasses => glass
watches => watch
speeches => speech
searches => search
breaches => breach
beaches => beach
bosses => boss
masses => mass
dresses => dress
pitches => pitch
publishes => publish
illnesses => illness
sandwiches => sandwich
pushes => push
ashes => ash
crashes => crash
misses => miss
stretches => stretch
indexes => index
switches => switch
crosses => cross
encompasses => encompass
sunglasses => sunglass
patches => patch
stresses => stress
fixes => fix
possesses => possess
progresses => progress
expresses => express
punches => punch
lunches => lunch
actresses => actress
establishes => establish
flashes => flash
mixes => mix
kisses => kiss
riches => rich
sketches => sketch
batches => batch
bushes => bush
rushes => rush
assesses => assess
presses => press
benches => bench
brushes => brush
parishes => parish
lashes => lash
stitches => stitch
scratches => scratch
trenches => trench
peaches => peach
complexes => complex
marches => march
foxes => fox
washes => wash
mattresses => mattress
witches => witch
dismisses => dismiss
harnesses => harness
glitches => glitch
clutches => clutch
excesses => excess
researches => research
sexes => sex
messes => mess
impresses => impress
diminishes => diminish
niches => nich
notches => notch